Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

For this assignment, I decided to overload the constructors for each of the Building child classes. In the overloaded constructors for the House class, I provided additional constructors that let the user add a cap to the number of residents, a starting list of residents, or both. In the overloaded constructor for the Library class, I provided an additional constructor that let the user manually input whether or not the library contains an elevator, since there are libraries on campus without (public) elevators. The default constructor the library class automatically makes it so that the library has an elevator. In the overloaded constructor for the Cafe class, the user is able to set the starting values for all of the items in the inventory (coffee, sugar, cream, and cups), while the default constructor sets the inventory levels to a basic starting amount.

Additionally, I overloaded both the moveIn() and moveOut() methods in the House class. The overloaded versions of these methods allow the user to move multiple students in/out of the house at once via an ArrayList. I also overloaded the sellCoffee() method in the Cafe class, so that if the user doesn't know what coffee they want, they can call the sellCoffee method with no arguments, and the cafe will sell a default coffee. Finally, I overloaded the checkOut() and returnBook() methods in the Library class. Similar to the overloading in the House class, the overloaded versions of the checkOut() and returnBook() methods allow the user to check out/return multiple titles at once via ArrayList, since real-life library patrons often want to check out or return more than one book.

In general, I would say the overloading was pretty simple to do, since most of the overloaded versions of functions were very similar to the default versions of functions. Either I could use a lot of copy and paste, or I could just call the default function from the overloaded function to simplify the process. The only thing that was a bit tedious was setting all the different attributes in overloaded constructors, because that often took more than just copy and paste, especially when I had several constructors, not just two. To someone taking this course in the future, I would say to make sure you know exactly what each function does, as well as what can and can't be overloaded and overwritten. As long as you know that, you're good to go.